Release asset improvements (#3354)
dotnet/source-build: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/releases/release_checklist.md

1. - [ ] Retrieve the final run of the [Stage-DotNet](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=792&_a=summary) pipeline from internal release communications.
1. - [ ] Run the [`source-build-release-official`](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1229) pipeline.
     - When staging the pipeline run, click "Resources" and select the final run of `Stage-DotNet` mentioned above.
     - If a special source-build tag was created for the release, check `Use custom tag` and set the `Custom release tag` parameter. Otherwise, a release name from the release manifest is used by default.
     - In case a different installer commit is being released than the one in the associated staging pipeline, check `Use specific pipeline run IDs` and input the official build numbers of the builds belonging to the released commit for the parameter(s) relevant to the target .NET version ("Specific {pipeline} run name").

>      - In case you will be using a gist to craft the GitHub announcement, create a secret gist with a single `.md` file. Name the gist what you want the title of the announcement to be, e.g. `.NET 8 March 2023 Update - .NET 8.0.0-preview.2.23128.3 / SDK 8.0.100-preview.2.23153.6`. The title of the gist file is not relevant (make it an `.md` though). Suggested content of the announcement will be shown in the `Pre-Release` stage.

Reviewer: I am adding more explicit difference between gist title and file name:
```suggestion
     - In case you will be using a gist to craft the GitHub announcement, create a secret gist with a single `.md` file. Name the whole gist what you want the title of the announcement to be, e.g. `.NET 8 March 2023 Update - .NET 8.0.0-preview.2.23128.3 / SDK 8.0.100-preview.2.23153.6`. The name of the gist file is not relevant (make it an `.md` though). Suggested content of the announcement will be shown in the `Pre-Release` stage.
```

           - The `Get Associated Pipeline Run IDs` build step will contain links to pipelines associated with this release:
                - ⚠️ 6.0 / 7.0: [dotnet-installer-official-ci](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=286) and [dotnet-installer-source-build-tarball-build](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1011)
                - ⚠️ 8.0: [dotnet-dotnet](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1219) and the `dotnet/dotnet` commit that represents the release
           - [ ] Navigate to the build link and ensure the `PoisonTests` and `SdkContentTests` are passing. Warnings indicate a baseline diff and should be inspected carefully.
                - Please note that failures of these tests manifest as warnings in the `Run Tests` build step and not as failed tests in the test result viewer. This means you need to verify the `dotnet-dotnet` build doesn't have any warnings regarding these tests.

>            - [ ] The `Create announcement draft` step should produce a valid announcement text. When using the announcement gist, copy the text to your gist file, copy the title to your gist's file name (add `.md`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           - [ ] The `Create announcement draft` step should produce a valid announcement text. When using the announcement gist, copy the text to your gist file, copy the suggested title to your gist's title.
```

                    - Never overwrite a tarball. At least change the blob storage virtual dir to represent a new build. This can help avoid timing issues and make it more obvious if stale links were accidentally re-sent rather than new ones.
           - [ ] ⚠️ 6.0 / 7.0: Update `dotnet-security-partners`
                - [ ] A PR will be created for the appropriate `release/*` branch on [dnceng/security-partners-dotnet](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_git/security-partners-dotnet). A branch was automatically created during the `Pre-Release` stage.
                     - [ ] Review and squash-merge the PR once CI finishes successfully.
           - [ ] Approve the `Approval - Test prereqs` approval stage.
      1. - [ ] `Mirror sources & packages` stage
           - This stage mirrors and tags branches associated with the current release.
           - This stage should be ran only once per hand-off. If a new run is needed, removal of the previously created tags/branches might be needed.
      1. - [ ] `Approval - Partner notification` approval stage

>            - [ ] Create a wiki page for the release in [dotnet-security-partners](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet-security-partners/dotnet/_wiki/wikis/dotnet.wiki). Include the following information:

Reviewer 2: That sounds good to me.  I think it would be good to note that here.
